Message-ID: <32711051.1075860999305.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Mon, 3 Dec 2001 08:56:10 -0800 (PST)
From: lburton@houston.rr.com
To: richard.ring@enron.com
Subject: Larry Burton Openings
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ANSI_X3.4-1968
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-From: Larry Burton <lburton@houston.rr.com>
X-To: Ring, Richard </O=ENRON/OU=NA/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=RRING>
X-cc: 
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Richard_Ring_Mar2002\Ring, Richard\PersonalFolder
X-Origin: Ring-R
X-FileName: rring (Non-Privileged).pst

Richard,

here are the openings I am working on.  All will be out of town, I think. If you are not in a position to relo at this time, I would appreciate any referrals you might have and the home contact information on each since I know most will be leaving the building today.  Thanks.

Larry 

 
1.  Senior Transportation and Storage Analyst:
 
Must possess a minimum of 5 yrs. related experience in field with in depth understanding of the intricacies of storage and transportation in the Gulf Coast up to the NE (Eastern Canadian markets a plus) 
  a.. Negotiate and manage short-and long-term natural gas storage/transport transactions 
  b.. Develop hedging strategies, forecast models, and provide trader support
  a.. Develop new business strategies, in conjunction with Risk Management and trading desks 
  b.. Supervise interstate regulatory issues for pipelines and storage providers 
  c.. Must be a confident communicator 
  d.. Must be able to demonstrate high levels of customer service while maintaining profitability. 
  e.. Must be able to analyze multiple factors influencing energy pricing and capture opportunities between locations 
  f.. Must be a team player with an individual drive 
  g.. Must be detail oriented and a self-starter
 

REQUIREMENTS:  BA/BS in Finance, Economics, Statistics or a related field strongly desired.  Minimum of 3-5 years practical experience required.  MS Office applications including Word and   Excel required. 

 

2. Director of Procurement position with the following responsibilities:


 ? Participate in the development, implementation, and maintenance of innovative electric and natural gas service structures in support of gas and electricity sourcing activities.

 ? Participate in the development, implementation, and maintenance of innovative electric and natural gas service structures in support of gas and electricity sourcing activities.

? Have the ability to understand and utilize electric and natural gas pricing models, and to utilize risk management techniques to analyze energy product offerings and to minimize risk.
 
? Work closely with EIS, RSG, PQ, FSG, Sales groups, and other groups to assist in the design, structure, and development of retail electricity and natural gas services.
 
? Possess detailed knowledge of transportation, pools, tariffs, LDC's, markets, electric and gas regulation activities, marketing activities, and emerging power marketing activities 
 
 ? Develop and manage sourcing only deals.
 
? Coordinate closely with the Product marketing group to integrate energy management, reliability and information management solutions into energy service offerings.  
 
? Provide management support and leadership to a team of sourcing professionals.

3.   This position is a General Manager level position with an IPP in California ( not Calpine) and they are looking for someone with a risk background to come into the organization and build a team and develop their power options to a greater degree than currently exists.  The organization is well funded with good growth potential.  Additional details as follows:
 
. Develop a risk management strategy and system to track and manage risk.
 
. Evaluate all assets (power generation plants) and identify opportunities to increase the return on assets, company value,  and profitability.
 
. Develop a team to sell new and excess power capacity.
 
. Develop a market intelligence system to collect and produce reports on a monthly basis.  